When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

One scenario where a remote repository would be beneficial is when using multiple machines
while working on the same repository. I would use the remote repository as the main one
ensuring that any changes I made regardless of the machine would be immediately reflected on
the remote repository.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

By having manual control over when Git pulls from a remote repository a user can
effectively manipulate the state of a local repository by deciding whether or not
to incorporate the latest remote commits into the local repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use 
one instead of another?

A fork is an option that is only available on GitHub and is basically a command to
clone another user’s repository and to place that clone in your GitHub account. The
primary reason to use a fork is when you want to make modifications to an existing
repository but you don’t have permission to change the original repository. A clone
is command which makes an exact copy of a repository and can be used both on GitHub
and on a local machine. This command should be used when you want to either
replicate a existing local repository or a remote repository which you have
permission to modify. A branch is the creation of a new separate “path” of
development from which any future modifications will not affect the original “path”
commits. A  branch is best created when experimenting with new features that may be
unstable or not finished in order to maintain between stable and experimental
commits.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored 
locally?

In circumstances where a valid internet connection is not assured it is
advantageous to have the last state of a remote repository stored locally where it
can be accessed at all times. This remote repository enables a user to see if the
local and remote repositories are out of sync or if one is "ahead" of the other.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and 
what would be harder?

I would use a mix of email, instant messaging and file syncing software such as
dropbox in order to collaborate with others. The advantage to this approach is that
the learning curve is much less in comparison to Git and GitHub and the probability
of a potential collaborator already using these tools is high. The main drawback
would be that once a project became sufficiently complex it would become a
nightmare to keep all files and communications in order. I would also lose the
ability to have a centralized location where I could quickly compare differences
between versions of files and restore to a particular version.
